they're just a few great things
everybody should have in life they
should have great dreams one should have
great failures and one should absolutely
have great recipes if there is ever a
recipe you should have in your
repertoire it is today's super decadent
and super cheesy macaroni he5 start off
making a classic white sauce and giving
it a few insurance policies to make sure
all goes well I had tons of cheese I
played with the sauce and when the sauce
is thick and luscious I mix in a little
sour cream it adds a great Tang and
keeps everything nice and creamy trust
me when I say this this is the only mac
and cheese recipe you will ever need and
of course everything we do you don't got
to be simple delicious easy and Jessica
food so let's get started with really I
mean I got to tell you this is like the
ultimate ultimate mac and cheese recipe
one try this and I'm telling you you are
all set to go when it comes to macaroni
and cheese all right
so I got a couple of cheese's here and I
like to use and really any combination
amount of cheese will work so I'm using
a nice white cheddar I'm using a sharp
cheddar I'm using a little bit of
fontina a little bit of Gouda and I'm
going to finish off with some of that
process sort of American cheese products
please don't front anything okay
I know what you're saying but I got to
tell you what that does for the cream
factor in mac and cheese I think is
absolutely fantastic so I'm just getting
my cheese is all prepped up here I'm
going to go ahead and chop it in our
food processor and get all the cheese
grated and get it ready to go from Agra
cheese
so there's a cheese that we gotta grate
it up super simple to do I mean the food
processor is totally the way they go
plus what happens is that sometimes you
know you get to cheese when you're
behind in bulk it's a lot cheaper
because I don't know about you but cheap
is a little pricey you know it's a
little expensive but this is great so
put it in a food processor if you're
slightly chilled it's going to go ahead
and cook up and crane up just a little
bit better but totally the way that work
and listen try any combination of cheese
you might I'm going to this combination
just because I love the way the flavors
mix together the cheddar cheeses and the
fontina and the Gouda I think it's just
fantastic so this is great and what
we're going to do to make sure it's
super creamy is we're going to add in
some delicious sour cream when you use a
light sour cream and I got to tell you
the reason I'm going to use the sour
cream is because I remember I'm a
grandmother's boy you know and I
remember when my grandmother was sick it
was doing her last time some of her last
times here with us she um you know she
was how at home and she was sort of
bedridden and her sister my mana Trina
she would come over every day and she
would cook my grandmother whatever she
wanted to have for dinner and I was just
watched in amazement as this woman would
come in the house and effortlessly just
sort of lip up these fantastic these
meals and I gotta tell you it was so
good eating and I remember watching her
one time make macaroni cheese
she put sour cream in the mac and cheese
and I said my god what is that but when
you taste it you don't really taste sour
cream yeah it gives it a little bit of
that Tang that happens with sour cream a
little zippy stuff that happens but I
got to tell you what this does for the
cream factor and that mac and cheese is
it's beyond phenomenal so that's what
we're going to do that I'm going to put
a little bit of Omaha SH to my Trina and
that time period and I'm going to do a
little sour cream and it takes me back
to some really really fond memories
that's what cooking is about you know
it's like
hey do what works for you go back to you
know memory lane go back to those time
periods where you no fool takes you to
that place because that's what food does
right all right cool
so our cheese art is all cut up that was
this processed American cheese product
you know what it's called not gonna say
it cuz they ain't paying me to say it
you owe to me but you know what it is I
love what that does for the mac and
cheese as well all right begin my head's
a quick wash and get started on our
cream sauce
all right so that cheese sauce is done
and looks amazing look at this okay
hello like this is fantastic it smells
great this is exactly what we want to go
for all right the last thing is really
something just going to go ahead and add
in some sour cream to this because
that's the way my aunt Trina did it and
that's the way I'm going to do it all
right it's gonna help with the creamy
factor help every day you set up nicely
I wish you could smell this all right
trust me when I tell you this is the
only macaroni and cheese recipe you're
probably ever going to need your entire
life all right I've got some elbow
macaroni pasta that I'm gonna have
boiled off in some super salty water I'm
just going to put it in right it's been
drained and cooled and it's ready to go
so I'm just going to drop it in just
like that right and then to this I'm now
going to go ahead and add in this
luscious cheese sauce all right are you
ready for this because I oh here we go
cheese sauce goes on just like that
mmm just take a moment and just take
that in oh yeah smells great looks great
it's going to taste fantastic
hmm all right
the rest I'm going to be there later I
just want to give it a nice stir just to
make sure everything is really well
incorporated or this is it you know and
this even reminds me of like growing up
Thanksgiving my mom would be a
grandmother would be up making the
macaroni cheese this reminds me of the
way that look and the way is smell right
so just to finish it off I'm just going
to do some cheese right on top
I saved some of our cheese blended from
earlier because I want to put a little
bit right on top and I want to get this
off into the oven the ovens preheated at
400 degrees now this is already cooked
so all we got to do is that the oven to
which thing let it melt and brown up our
cheese and then we're going to be in the
ultimate macaroni cheese happy right
look at this here we go this goes off
into the oven alright look at this this
looks fantastic this is that macaroni
and cheese they're super creamy look at
the top the cheese we put on the top is
nice and golden brown it's bubbled up
the sex feedback and hang out with my
grandmother her sister who's who's Maya
and making some delicious macaroni and
cheese of course other things right
super creamy because that's what that
sour cream is done for us I'm going for
taste right this is hot okay let's see
we working with one in four days we'll
look at that
oh yeah hmm it's just so good way to go
the pasta is still sort of nice and out
dente
we didn't go too far the cheese is burnt
right on top so that's great nice nice
golden-brown view color totally
fantastic this recipe and so many more
than available on my website it's WWE as
cooks calm to things I got to tell you
who is my life and life this month until
next time I want to wish you happy
cooking from my heart to yours